# BLOCKY SKIES AMIGA 2016

## Blocky Skies Game Code and alpine9000 Tools

Copyright (C) 2016, Enable Software Pty Ltd. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

NOTE: Some of the alpine9000 tools required to rebuild Blocky Skies are
included in the source distribtion. They may utilise third party libraries
that are licensed under various versions of the GNU GPL. Redistribution of
these tools in a binary format is only possible under the terms of the [GNU
General Public License 3.0](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html) or
later.

## The Player 6.1A 610.12 / 01.15.15

  * Copyright (C) 1992-95 Jarno Paananen
  * Guru / Sahara Surfers
  * A Sahara Surfers Product 1995
  * Fixed 1998-04 by NoName, Platon42, Tolkien and The Dark Coder
  * Optimized, bugfixed, improved 2010-2015 by Photon/Scoopex

[See details](http://aminet.net/package/mus/misc/P6112)

## Workbench startup code

Copyright (C) 1993 Share and Enjoy, but may be freely distributed in any
electronic form. The copyright of contributions quoted from other authors
remains with the original author.

[See details](http://amigacoding.com/images/b/b3/Howtocode5.txt)

## MiniWrapper by Photon

Copyright (C) bitBrain Studios and released in the public domain.

[See details](http://coppershade.org/asmskool/SOURCES/Developing-Demo-
Effects/DDE2/Coppershade-DDE2/)

## Bootloader/MFMLoader by Photon

Copyright (C) bitBrain Studios and released in the public domain.

[See details](http://coppershade.org/asmskool/SOURCES/Photon-snippets/)

## Music

Copyright (C) 2016, Simone "JMD" Bernacchia. All rights reserved.

Music is licensed under the [Creative Commons Attribution
License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).

You are free to:

  * Share - copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format
  * Adapt - remix, transform, and build upon the material
  * for any purpose, even commercially.
  * The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.

Attribution - You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license,
and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but
not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.

## Artwork

Copyright (C) 2016 Chipmunk and various artists. All rights reserved.

## Sound Effects

Sound effects are Copyright (C) their respective owners and republished with
permission as outlined below:

  * Cha Ching Register Sound - Muska666 - Attribution 3.0 [details](http://soundbible.com/1997-Cha-Ching-Register.html)
  * Mario Jumping Sound - Mike Koenig - Attribution 3.0 - [details](http://soundbible.com/1601-Mario-Jumping.html)
  * Cartoon falling whistle - CGEffex - [CC Attribution](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/) \- [details](https://freesound.org/people/CGEffex/sounds/89538/)
  * Crowd yay - timtube - [Attribution-NonCommercial 3.0 Unported](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/3.0/) \- [details](https://www.freesound.org/people/timtube/sounds/69338/)

Sound effects used in this game are not presented in their original format.

## Web Font

rewtnull - [Creative Commons v3.0]( http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-
sa/3.0/) \- [details](https://github.com/rewtnull/amigafonts)

